Week 1 
Formed group and discussed each topic and decided on stock portfolio topic. 
Brainstormed ideas on possible extensions like analytics our website could provide - neural nets and suggesting stocks to users. 
Also discussed which languages we would be utilising and any libraries or APIs we could use. 

Week 2 

As a group we worked on writing proposal and allocating roles. Created Github and Jira accounts. 
I worked on writing about the technical scope and design section of the project, by drafting out some initial designs for the webpage. 

Week 3
Created a wireframe/prototype of website design on Adobe XD to include in the portfolio. As a group, we finalised the initial proposal. 
Researched literature regarding neural networks in stock prediction & decided to use similar methods to one particular research paper. 

Week 4 
Started on creating dataset for stock images by:
- pulling appropriate data from yfinance of ASX50 companies
- generating candlestick charts for different period intervals using matplotlib, mplfinance 
- use PIL for cropping, resizing and image manipulation and export as jpg files
- generating csv of labels, with appropriate ID for each image 

week 6 
Finished off generating both training/testing dataset. 
Worked on implementing a custom pytorch Dataset to read in image files/label csv for pytorch and connect to dataloader 

week 7
Finished work on model and implementing network layers for CNN.  
Also made function for testing the neural net. 
Started on training the neural net.

week 8 
Continued training the neural net to test different parameters/layers. A problem encountered was that the neural net was approximating a mean for output, which I later realised was probably due to a small dataset.
So I changed original data generation code to generate a much larger dataset similar to that of the original paper (sliding window approach) 
Also experimented with known architecture models eg. VGG, AlexNet


Week 9 
Experimented with neural network layers and training neural net and trying to fix overfitting problem using dropout.
Exported a final neural network model, then integrated model into website.
I created and styled neural net page and also added info/explanation on the page about CNN architecture and concept to explain to the user. 

Week 10 
Changed styling and formatting of: 
- home page
- login page, register page, change password page 
- analytic pages 
to ensure design was consistent using React Bootstrap.
Prepared for presentation and worked on writing up final report. 

Week 11
Finalised final report for submission. 

