Week 1

Formed group with two other members, discussed project and 
decided on the stock portfolio topic.

Week 2

Additional members joined the team. 
Worked on setting up Jira.
Worked on the proposal in particular the user stories and acceptance criteria.


Week 3

Discussed sprints, role allocation and created a sprint schedule for the proposal.
Finialised the proposal and helped create a simple wireframe of the website on Adobe XD.
Wrote up the user stories and acceptance criterias onto Jira. 

Week 4

Experimented with Alpha Vantage API and yFinance, found limitations to the API 
in particular Alpha Vantages call limitations. 
Started working on web scraper for getting additional data on Australian stocks
which were not available from Alpha Vantage or yFinance.

Week 5

Finished web scraper for getting stock data.
Focused on learning Javascript, React and Redux for front end.

Week 6 

Added additional data that from the web scraper into the front end display of 
stock data.

Week 7 

Began creating the backend for the stock screener as part of analytics.
Researched how other stock screeners filtered stocks. 
Created functionality that would load the database with stocks listed on the ASX300
and would calculate the ROE of a stock and get the price to earnings and dividend yield of stocks.

Week 8 

Finialised the back end of the stock screener and worked on debugging.
Began the front-end for the stock screener.

Week 9

Finished the front-end for the stock screener.
Researched ElephantSql cloud based database to see if it was a viable option to change 
the database system.
Helped with neural network data generation.

Week 10

Worked on front end navbar and fixed bugs with the stock screener and front end implementation.
Prepared for presentation.
Created an Abouts page following the presentation. 
Started working on final report.

Week 11

Attempted to change the stock scraping functionality due to AlphaVantage prices for 
AUS stocks not being live. Found that pure webscraping was not a viable option as
performance speed was slow and html page structures would occassionaly change leading to 
errors with scraping. 
Focused on fixing any additional bugs and finialising the report. 